Integer Functions for C02 Programs

This module contains functions for manipulating and converting
integer values.

At the beginning of the program use the directives

  #include <stddef.h02>
  #include <intlib.h02>

The following functions are defined:

  j = iabs(i);          Returns the absolute value of the two's-complement 
                        integer i.
    
                        In two's-complement arithmetic, the unsigned values 
                        0 - 32,767 are considered positive, while the unsigned
                        values 32,768 - 65,535 are considered negative.
    
  j = atoi(s);          Returns the integer numeric value of string s. 
                        
                        Does not skip leading white-space characters and 
                        stops when first non-digit character is encountered.
                        
                        Overflows are ignored, so numbers greater than 65,535
                        will be returned modulo 65,536.
    
  itoa(i);              Stores the ASCII representation of unsigned integer 
                        i into the destination string.
                        
                        The destination string must be dimensioned at least 
                        six bytes in length, and is specified by calling
                        setdst().

                        Note: Calls cvibcd, then calls upbcdi for each digit
                        to be printed.


  j = imax(i);          Returns the greater of the unsigned integer b and
                        the unsigned integer in the source pointer.
                        
                        Requires a prior call to setsrc() with the integer
                        value to be compared against.

  j = imin(i);          Returns the lesser of the unsigned integer b and
                        the unsigned integer in the source pointer.
                        
                        Requires a prior call to setsrc() with the integer
                        value to be compared against.

  j = ishftl(n,i)       Shifts word b by n bits to the left and returns 
                        the result in j. If n is 0, the word is not 
                        shifted, and if n greater than 16, the returned
                        value will be 0.

  j = ishftr(n,i)       Shifts word b by n bits to the right and returns 
                        the result in j. If n is 0, the word is not 
                        shifted, and if n greater than 16, the returned
                        value will be 0.


Note: This library expects the following functions to be defined:

along with the zero page variables
  
  zpage0,zpage1:        Zero page variable pair

the external variables
  
  exvar0,exvar1:        External variable pair

and the constants
  
  #CNSTNAME             Constant description
