Joystick Functions for C02 Programs

This module contains constants and a function for reading paddles and
analog joysticks. It can also be used with devices that emulate paddles,
such as the Koala Pad and some mice. 

The constants and assembly code vary by system, so when invoking the 
cross-compilers, the command line option -s must be used to ensure that
the correct header files are included.

At the beginning of the program use the directives

  #include <paddle.h02>

The following constants are defined:

  #PADDLS       Maximum number of joysticks supported by system.

  #BUTTNS       Maximum number of paddle buttons supported by system.

                For systems with no paddle support, both of these
                will be 0

The following functions are defined:

  p = paddle(n);        Returns the current state of paddle n, the first
                        paddle having the number 0.

                        If n is greater than or equal to #PADDLS then 0
                        will be returned. Otherwise, a byte between 0 and
                        $FF representing the current paddle position will
                        be returned.

  b = button(n);        Returns the current state of button n, the first
                        paddle having the number 0. This number may or may
                        not correspond to a particular paddle number.

                        If n is greater than or equal to #BUTTNS then 0
                        will be returned. Otherwise, the number 255 (TRUE)
                        will be returned if the button is depressed, while
                        the number 0 (FALSE) will be returned if it is not.

System Specific Notes:

  Atari Style Paddles   These are used on Atari and Commodore 8-bit systems.
                        The paddles are grouped in pairs. Therefore, the 
                        paddles in the first controller port will be 
                        numbered 0 and 1, the paddles in the second port 
                        will be numbered 2 and 3, and so on. The button 
                        numbers directly correspond with the paddle numbers.

                        When using a Koala Pad, mouse in paddle emulation 
                        mode, or similar device, two calls to the paddle()
                        and/or button() functions must be made. Using the 
                        even paddle number (0 or 2) returns the horizontal 
                        value, while the odd paddle number (1 or 3) returns 
                        the vertical value. Likewise, using the even button 
                        number reads the left button, while the odd button
                        reads the right button.

  Apple II              When using paddle controllers, the first paddle
                        and its button are both numbered 0 while the second 
                        paddle and its button are both numbered 1.

                        When using joystick controllers, the first joystick's
                        horizontal and vertical positions are read using 
                        paddle(0) and paddle(1) respectively, and its button
                        is read using button(0), while the second joystick's
                        horizontal and vertical positions are read using 
                        paddle(2) and paddle(3) respectively, and its button
                        is read using button(1)

Note: This library has no external dependencies.
